The prestigious school that turned
out many heroes, U.A. High School.
Enrolled in their hero course,
I continue to run toward my dream,
standing up to any difficulties
and saving people with a smile...
...in order to become the greatest hero!
Show me...
...your blood!
A hero...
...can always break out of a tough spot!
Sorry, Mom!
Mom, I'm sorry!
All Might! All Might!
All Migh...
I'm gonna crush you!
What, water?
St... Stop it...!
Kota!
Later, 'kay? 'Kay?
I'll kill you later, so just wait--
In the instant I was distracted...
As if...
Wait, are you getting stronger?
...I'd let you kill him!
One For All, 1,000,000%!
Delaware...
...Detroit...
...Smash!
"Drive It Home, Iron Fist!!!"
Will they really be all right by themselves?
Yeah.
It's not my turn to be on stage right now.
They're enough by themselves.
"Villain - Tomura Shigaraki - Quirk: Decay"
In other words,
the game has changed.
"The last boss has appeared!"
Up until now, it was a role-playing game
where we had all the equipment but
challenged the last boss while still at level 1.
I should've thought of
it as a simulation game.
"Villain - Kurogiri - Quirk: Warp Gate"
I should be the player, using all the pieces
I can to break through the higher ranks.
In order to do that, I need to first
put cracks into the superhuman society.
The Vanguard Action Squad
of the League of Villains.
It doesn't matter
if those guys succeed or fail.
Just the fact that they are
there will scare the heroes.
Are they just sacrificial pawns?
Don't be ridiculous.
Do I look that heartless?
Their strength is real.
Even though they're
all facing different directions,
they're comrades I can count on.
In a society bound by rules,
we're not the only ones being oppressed.
I'm praying for their success.
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
Hey!
It's all right.
There's still something I must do.
"Kota Izumi"
You're all beat up!
What do you still have to do?
I knew that he would defend against it...
But that's also why I had to attack.
Huh?
Even taking that into consideration,
I thought I could inflict a lot of damage.
But he's a much stronger villain
than I thought he was.
If all the villains from
this night attack are this strong,
then everyone is in danger.
On top of that, they might
be after us students.
I have to let Mr. Aizawa and
the Pussycats know about that.
If I can save someone by moving,
then I have to move, right?
We'll leave this villain here for now.
"Villain - Muscular - Quirk:
Muscle Augmentation"
With my messed up arms,
it was probably weaker than usual,
but it should have still
caused a lot of damage.
I don't think he'll wake up anytime soon,
and even if he does, I don't
think he'll be able to move much.
Above all, right now, I need to protect you.
Huh?
There's something that only you can do.
The forest has been set on fire.
With that, we'd be trapped no matter what.
Do you understand?
We need that Quirk of yours.
Save us, the way you saved me earlier.
Now, get on my back!
We need to get you back to camp first.
You can move with those injuries?
It's fine!
That's why I left my legs!
Let's go! Hang on tight!
...where's the kid called Bakugo?
I have a bad feeling about this...!
"A Few Minutes Earlier"
--Vlad, I'm leaving this place to you.
--Huh? Why are villains here...?
--I'll go protect the other students!
--Wasn't this place supposed to be a secret?
"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure"
I don't want to think
about what could happen...
This is bad...
Letting your worry get ahead of you, Eraser?
Vla--
Well, I guess you are a pro, after all.
Nothing's gonna come out.
Tell me your purpose,
number, and positions.
"Villain - Dabi"
Why?
Because otherwise this will happen.
Your right arm's next.
Let's do this logically.
If we get to your legs,
it'll be annoying to transport you.
Are you in a hurry, Eraser?
What's that?!
Mr. Aizawa!
You guys!
This is about as much
damage as I can take, huh?
As expected of a U.A. teacher.
Hey, hero.
Are your students important?
That fire earlier wasn't his Quirk?!
I hope you can protect them all till the end.
See you later...
Mr. Aizawa!
What was that just now?!
Get inside! I'll be right back!
That's no good, Dabi!
"Villain - Twice"
You were beaten!
So weak! You small fry or something?
Already? I'm pretty weak.
Huh? That's ridiculous.
Don't be hasty. You're strong.
You should think of this
as the pro being very strong.
Make another one of me, Twice.
We need something
to keep the pros from leaving.
It doesn't matter how
many times a small fry goes in!
Leave it to me!
We're almost there!
Hey, look!
Mr. Aizawa!
Midori--
Mr. Aizawa...
I'm glad...
It's terrible! There are a
ton of things I need to tell you.
--Hey...
--First, there's something
I need to tell Mandalay...
I said, "Hey"!
Please take care of Kota!
--He has a water Quirk.
You have to protect him!
--This guy's on a high...
Please!
Wait, Midoriya!
Those injuries... You did
it again, didn't you?
Did you forget about
what happened in Hosu?
For uncertified individuals
to cause injury with their Quirks
without specific instruction
from their guardians or supervisors
is a clear violation of the rules.
No, but...
So tell Mandalay this...
"Pro Hero - Tiger - Quirk: Pliabody"
"Villain - Magne - Quirk: Magentism"
Oh dear, you're so close!
"Pro Hero - Pixie-Bob - Quirk: Earthflow"
Let me pick up my item!
Damn it, predicting
my Cat Combat moves, huh?
You're not...
"Villain - Spinner"
...a real...
...hero at all!
Jeez, you're too persistent!
"Pro Hero - Mandalay - Quirk: Telepath"
So are you!
--Hurry up and be purged already!
--Smash!
Huh?!
Mandalay!
Kota's okay!
You...!
And here's a message from Mr. Aizawa!
Tell everyone with Telepath!
Hey, hero!
Are your students important?
I hope you can protect them all till the end.
The way he said that makes it
clear the students are the targets.
In that case, it's unavoidable.
It's about raising the survival rate!
Use your self-defense skills!
I'll take responsibility for this, along
with whatever punishment is coming later.
Everyone in Class A and Class B!
In the name of the pro hero, Eraser Head,
you are granted permission
to engage in combat!
Everyone in Class A and Class B!
In the name of the pro hero, Eraser Head,
you are granted permission
to engage in combat!
I repeat!
Everyone in Class A and Class B!
You are granted permission
to engage in combat!
This is what you want, right, Eraser?
Don't be defeated while we still
don't know what's going on, future heroes!
"Mezo Shoji"
"Quirk: Dupli-Arms"
"He can make copies of body parts like
mouths or ears at the tips of his tentacles."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 2/25"
"Height: 187 cm" "Blood Type: B" "Likes: Taiyaki"
"Fumikage Tokoyami"
"Quirk: Dark Shadow"
"He has a shadow-like monster inside him that can change shape elastically and fight with him."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 10/30"
"Height: 158 cm" "Blood Type: AB" "Likes: Apples"
I forgot to tell Midoriya
to come back right away.
This is bad.
This is worse than bad.
The only reason he's able
to move with those injuries right now
is because of all the endorphins
pumping through him.
Once he accomplishes his goal and calms
down a little, he won't be able to move at all.
Mister...
Will he be okay?
Hm?
I...
I punched him...
But even so, he got all
beat up like that to rescue me...!
I haven't even told him "Sorry"...
or "Thank you" yet...
Will he... be okay...?
Don't worry.
He got all beat up like that
because he has no intention of dying.
But as a teacher, I have to scold
Midoriya for acting without permission...
No...
So once all this is over,
please tell him how you feel.
If possible, put more effort
in the "Thank you" part.
You, get back to camp immediately!
Those aren't normal injuries!
No... I'm sorry!
Please tell everyone one more thing!
The villains...
At least one of their targets is...
They're after Kacchan!
Please tell everyone with Telepath!
Who's "Kacchan"?
Wait a minute!
That rumble in the ground earlier...
There are two in our number
who can fight in a flashy power battle...
If one let something slip...
Then that bloodthirsty
Muscular was defeated...?
Does that mean he lost
in power to that little kid?
Oh my, this child...
He really does need to be killed!
Don't, Big Sis Mag!
What do you think you're doing?!
He was on the priority kill list!
That's just Shigaraki's personal desire!
Spinner! What did you come here to do?!
That child is someone Stain wished to save!
In other words, a person
worthy of being called a hero!
I will follow his wil--
I finally got a good hit in!
It can't be helped...
First, I have to tell everyone.
We have discovered
one of the villains' targets.
It is one of the students--"Kacchan"!
Bakugo?!
It's Bakugo?!
"Kacchan" should try to avoid
combat and acting independently.
Bakugo...
Understand, "Kacchan"?!
Stop making so much noise in my head!
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
Don't go rushing carelessly into anything.
I have to follow...
I have to do my job...
Did you hear that earlier?
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
She said you're being targeted!
That damn Deku did something,
I just know it.
Saying "Fight" then "Don't fight"!
I don't give a damn what anyone says!
He's good at using
the terrain with his Quirk.
Even though he just looks
like some scrawny small fry!
You bastard!
Looks like he's got a lot of experience.
"Death Row Convict (Escaped) - Moonfish"
Show me... your flesh...
If you use any large flames
around here and the fire spreads,
we'll be surrounded by flames,
and everyone will die.
Do you get it?
Shut up! I know!
Even if we try to retreat, there's gas...
They're obviously trying
to drive us into a corner...
Did you hear that, Kendo?!
We've got permission
to throw some punches!
Wait, Tetsutetsu!
Do you understand this gas?
You're saying it's dangerous, right?
I'm not stupid.
Stupid!
There was nothing about
the gas in Mandalay's Telepath.
That means the gas hasn't spread
so far that it can be seen
from the clearing where Mandalay is.
It's weird.
This gas is flowing slowly in one direction.
Normally, it would spread more, right?
This is staying in one place.
"Itsuka Kendo - Quirk: Big Fist"
"Tetsutetsu Tetsutetsu - Quirk: Steel"
And look. The gas is a little denser
here than it was where we were before.
Which means... what?
I think it's swirling around its source.
Like a typhoon.
In other words, there should be someone
who is producing the gas at the center--
someone who can also control it.
I see! Man, Kendo, you're amazing!
I knew it. That's why I came with you.
And, the closer we get to the
center of the swirl, the denser the gas,
so it's just a matter of time.
There's a limit to the gas masks' filters,
and the denser the gas,
the shorter the functioning time.
In other words--
Run all out toward the denser gas
and punch all out! Right?
Well, yeah, but...
He's got such a one-track mind...
But...
Shiozaki and our other classmates
suffered because of this gas.
I hate this! Stuff like this pisses me off!
Let's do our best, Kendo!
Yeah!
I don't dislike that part of you!
Heading straight toward
me are three... two people?
I guess there are those who notice
and can make it through, huh?
"Villain - Mustard"
As expected of a prestigious school.
But it's sad...
No matter how wonderful the Quirk...
Found you...!
...they're still human, huh?
What was that sound just now, a gunshot?
Don't tell me it's Kacchan...
Oh yeah, I saw you during the
live broadcast of the sports festival.
There were guys who could turn hard.
A gun won't work, huh?
But well, it doesn't matter.
Because it's just a matter of how long
you can hold your breath in this gas.
Seriously, a gun?
And aiming for my mask, too!
What's with this shorty, anyway?
A school uniform?
So he's about the same age as me,
or maybe even younger?
Don't underestimate me!
Are you pretending to be the Terminator?
Even if you can harden yourself,
you're charging straight in? Give me a break.
You go to a prestigious school, right?
You're smart, aren't you?
Will you use your head a little?
If you don't, you're not worth my time.
Tetsutetsu!
It's no good!
Retreat!
Two against one, with one of
you hiding for a surprise attack, right?
That's weak! Such a weak plan!
--This gas is produced by me
and controlled by me.
--Tetsutetsu, you're bleeding!
--This gas is produced by me
and controlled by me.
--It's fine, just retreat!
It's telling me your movements
directly with its fluctuations.
In other words, you can't hide from me!
Why can't you figure that out?
You go to U.A., right?
Don't ruin my image of it.
That's why you're being
attacked like this now.
Wait a--
Stupid.
Huh? Aren't you softer
than you were before?
Is it metal fatigue or something?
Looks like you can't breathe anymore either.
You can't really brace
yourself anymore, huh?
Does your hardness depend on your stance?
For simple guys like the ones
that just harden themselves,
they usually end up
in tests of endurance, huh?
You just rush in without
thinking about stuff like that.
Hey, you guys are gonna be heroes
when you grow up, right?
I think it's strange.
A world where someone
with a one-track mind like you
is fawned over just because
of where you went to school...
It's not right, is it?
Crap... I can't breathe... I can't...
My strength is...
My vision's getting
blurry... and distorted...
Crap... everything's
turning black and white...
Tetsutetsu!
I told you, I can tell how you're
moving from the flow of the gas--
It doesn't matter
if you can tell how I'm moving!
I can't believe you can look so
triumphant with a pitiful Quirk like that!
Whether it's pitiful or
not depends on how it's used!
Take this...!
The gas is being blown away!
Just how much power do those hands have?!
You're the stupid one, uniform boy.
Carrying a gun like that is like
saying you're not confident in a fight!
You little...
Above all, for those
at U.A. with a one-track mind...
The gas got thinner, so I didn't realize...
...when everyone else would
think "I can't take it anymore,"
they'll take another step
and go beyond that.
The gas... is dispersing...
If a gas user is wearing a mask,
then you have to break it, right?
Stupid!
I'll have you make up for
ruining our training camp, kid.
Kacchan and Todoroki started
second in the test of courage.
If they haven't moved from there,
then they shouldn't be far.
Sh-Shoji?!
Those injuries...
"Mezo Shoji - Quirk: Dupli-Arms"
You shouldn't be
moving anymore, should you?
You're only thinking
about saving your friend...
What are we going to do with you?
That just now...
Yeah.
We were ambushed by villains,
and I covered us.
But that triggered the Quirk that he'd
been desperately trying to hold back...
My Quirk's offensive ability
increases the darker it is,
but it becomes fierce
and difficult to control.
D-Don't tell me...
Yeah.
If we want to get through here,
we'll have to do something about this first...
"Fumikage Tokoyami - Quirk: Dark Shadow"
Get away... from me...!
You'll die!
T-Tokoyami!
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
Tokoyami's Dark Shadow's out of control?
Should I head toward Kacchan,
or help Tokoyami?
I have to make a fateful choice.
Next time, "Roaring Upheaval."
"Next time: Roaring Upheaval"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!